Update C++ rules (#3190)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6029/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> From {cpp}17, exception specifications became a part of a function type. This implies that these two functions, for example, have different types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since {cpp}17, exception specifications have become a part of a function type. This implies that these two functions, for example, have different types:
```
